---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "humanitec_application Resource - terraform-provider-humanitec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An Application is a collection of Workloads that work together. When deployed, all Workloads in an Application are deployed to the same namespace.
---

# humanitec_application (Resource)

An Application is a collection of Workloads that work together. When deployed, all Workloads in an Application are deployed to the same namespace.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "humanitec_application" "example" {
  id   = "example"
  name = "An example app"
}

resource "humanitec_application" "example" {
  id   = "example"
  name = "An example app with default development environment overriden"

  env = {
    id   = "dev"
    name = "Dev"
    type = "development"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID which refers to a specific application.
- `name` (String) The Human-friendly name for the Application.

### Optional

- `env` (Attributes) Initial environment to create. Will be `development` by default. **Warning**: Change `env` value after creation will force destroy this resource and his dependencies (include environments, values, webhook, workloads, etc.). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

<a id="nestedatt--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID the Environment is referenced as.
- `name` (String) The Human-friendly name for the Environment.
- `type` (String) The Environment Type. This is used for organizing and managing Environments.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import humanitec_application.example resource_application_id
```
