---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "humanitec_resource_definition Resource - terraform-provider-humanitec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Visit the docs https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions to learn more about resource definitions.
---

# humanitec_resource_definition (Resource)

Visit the [docs](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/concepts/resources/definitions) to learn more about resource definitions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "humanitec_resource_definition" "s3" {
  id   = "s3-dev-bucket"
  name = "s3-dev-bucket"
  type = "s3"

  driver_type = "humanitec/s3"
  driver_inputs = {
    values_string = jsonencode({
      region = "us-east-1"
    })
  }
}

resource "humanitec_resource_definition" "postgres" {
  id          = "db-dev"
  name        = "db-dev"
  type        = "postgres"
  driver_type = "humanitec/postgres-cloudsql-static"

  driver_inputs = {
    values_string = jsonencode({
      "instance" = "test:test:test"
      "name"     = "db-dev"
      "host"     = "127.0.0.1"
      "port"     = "5432"
    })
    secrets_string = jsonencode({
      "username" = "test"
      "password" = "test"
    })
  }

  criteria = [
    {
      app_id = "test-app"
    }
  ]
}

resource "humanitec_resource_definition" "gke" {
  id          = "gke-dev"
  name        = "gke-dev"
  type        = "k8s-cluster"
  driver_type = "humanitec/k8s-cluster-gke"

  driver_inputs = {
    values_string = jsonencode({
      "loadbalancer" = "1.1.1.1"
      "name"         = "gke-dev"
      "project_id"   = "test"
      "zone"         = "europe-west3"
    })
    secrets_string = jsonencode({
      "credentials" = "{}"
    })
  }

  criteria = [
    {
      app_id   = "test-app"
      env_type = "development"
    },
    {
      app_id   = "test-app"
      env_type = "staging"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `driver_type` (String) The driver to be used to create the resource.
- `id` (String) The Resource Definition ID.
- `name` (String) The display name.
- `type` (String) The Resource Type.

### Optional

- `criteria` (Attributes Set, Deprecated) The criteria to use when looking for a Resource Definition during the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria))
- `driver_account` (String) Security account required by the driver.
- `driver_inputs` (Attributes) Data that should be passed around split by sensitivity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--driver_inputs))
- `force_delete` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will mark the Resource Definition for deletion, even if it affects existing Active Resources.
- `provision` (Attributes Map) ProvisionDependencies defines resources which are needed to be co-provisioned with the current resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

<a id="nestedatt--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) The ID of the Application that the Resources should belong to.
- `env_id` (String) The ID of the Environment that the Resources should belong to. If `env_type` is also set, it must match the Type of the Environment for the Criteria to match.
- `env_type` (String) The Type of the Environment that the Resources should belong to. If `env_id` is also set, it must have an Environment Type that matches this parameter for the Criteria to match.
- `res_id` (String) The ID of the Resource in the Deployment Set. The ID is normally a `.` separated path to the definition in the set, e.g. `modules.my-module.externals.my-database`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Matching Criteria ID


<a id="nestedatt--driver_inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `driver_inputs`

Optional:

- `secret_refs` (String) JSON encoded secrets section of the data set. They can hold sensitive information that will be stored in the primary organization secret store and replaced with the secret store paths when sent outside, or secret references stored in a defined secret store. Can't be used together with secrets.
- `secrets` (Map of String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Secrets section of the data set. Deprecated in favour of secrets_string. Can't be used together with secret_refs.
- `secrets_string` (String) JSON encoded secret data set. Passed around as-is. Can't be used together with secret_refs.
- `values` (Map of String, Deprecated) Values section of the data set. Passed around as-is. Deprecated in favour of values_string.
- `values_string` (String) JSON encoded input data set. Passed around as-is.


<a id="nestedatt--provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision`

Optional:

- `is_dependent` (Boolean) If the co-provisioned resource is dependent on the current one.
- `match_dependents` (Boolean) If the resources dependant on the main resource, are also dependant on the co-provisioned one.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import humanitec_resource_definition.example resource_definition_id
```
