---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "humanitec_resource_driver Resource - terraform-provider-humanitec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DriverDefinition describes the resource driver.
  Resource Drivers are code that fulfils the Humanitec Resource Driver Interface.
  This interface allows for certain actions to be performed on resources such as creation and destruction.
  Humanitec provides numerous Resource Drivers “out of the box”.
  It is also possible to use 3rd party Resource Drivers or write your own.
---

# humanitec_resource_driver (Resource)

DriverDefinition describes the resource driver.

Resource Drivers are code that fulfils the Humanitec Resource Driver Interface.
This interface allows for certain actions to be performed on resources such as creation and destruction.
Humanitec provides numerous Resource Drivers “out of the box”.
It is also possible to use 3rd party Resource Drivers or write your own.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "humanitec_resource_driver" "s3" {
  id   = "demo-driver"
  type = "s3"

  account_types = [
    "aws",
  ]

  inputs_schema = jsonencode({})
  target        = "https://drivers.example.com/s3/"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_types` (List of String) List of resources accounts types supported by the driver
- `id` (String) The ID for this driver. Is used as `driver_type`.
- `inputs_schema` (String) A JSON Schema specifying the driver-specific input parameters.
- `target` (String) The prefix where the driver resides or, if the driver is a virtual driver, the reference to an existing driver using the `driver://` schema of the format `driver://{orgId}/{driverId}`. Only members of the organization the driver belongs to can see `target`.
- `type` (String) The type of resource produced by this driver

### Optional

- `template` (String) If the driver is a virtual driver, template defines a Go template that converts the driver inputs supplied in the resource definition into the driver inputs for the target driver.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import humanitec_resource_driver.example driver_id
```
