---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "humanitec_secretstore Resource - terraform-provider-humanitec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An external secret management system used by an organization to store secrets referenced in Humanitec.
---

# humanitec_secretstore (Resource)

An external secret management system used by an organization to store secrets referenced in Humanitec.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "humanitec_secretstore" "secret_store_gcpsm" {
  id = "secretstore_id"
  gcpsm = {
    project_id = "example-project"
    auth = {
      secret_access_key = "secret-access-key"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Secret Store.

### Optional

- `awssm` (Attributes) AWS Secret Manager specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--awssm))
- `azurekv` (Attributes) Azure KV Secret Manager specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azurekv))
- `gcpsm` (Attributes) GCP Secret Manager specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gcpsm))
- `primary` (Boolean) Whether the Secret Store is the Primary one for the organization.
- `vault` (Attributes) Vault specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vault))

<a id="nestedatt--awssm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `awssm`

Required:

- `region` (String) The region of AWS Secret Manager.

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes, Sensitive) Credentials to authenticate to AWS Secret Manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--awssm--auth))

<a id="nestedatt--awssm--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `awssm.auth`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) The Access Key ID.
- `secret_access_key` (String) The Secret Access Key.



<a id="nestedatt--azurekv"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azurekv`

Required:

- `tenant_id` (String) The AzureKV Tenant ID.
- `url` (String) The AzureKV URL.

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes, Sensitive) Credentials to authenticate to Azure Key Vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azurekv--auth))

<a id="nestedatt--azurekv--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azurekv.auth`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The AzureKV Client ID.
- `client_secret` (String) The AzureKV Client Secret.



<a id="nestedatt--gcpsm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcpsm`

Required:

- `project_id` (String) The project ID of the GCPSM.

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes, Sensitive) Credentials to authenticate the GCPSM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gcpsm--auth))

<a id="nestedatt--gcpsm--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcpsm.auth`

Required:

- `secret_access_key` (String) The Secret Access Key.



<a id="nestedatt--vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vault`

Required:

- `url` (String) The Vault URL.

Optional:

- `agent_id` (String) Reference to the agent to use to hit Vault.
- `auth` (Attributes, Sensitive) Credentials to authenticate the Vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vault--auth))
- `path` (String) The path used to read / write secrets.

<a id="nestedatt--vault--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vault.auth`

Optional:

- `role` (String) Role to assume to access Vault.
- `token` (String) Token to access Vault.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import an existing secret store
terraform import humanitec_secretstore.secret_store_gcpsm secretstore_id
```
